#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file deployment/requirements-deploy.txt deployment/requirements-deploy.in
#
alabaster==0.7.8
    # via sphinx
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via openstacksdk
attrs==22.1.0
    # via cmd2
autopage==0.5.1
    # via cliff
babel==2.3.4
    # via sphinx
certifi==2019.11.28
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.1.0
    # via requests
click==6.6
    # via -r requirements.in
cliff==4.0.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-openstackclient
cmd2==2.4.2
    # via cliff
cryptography==37.0.4
    # via openstacksdk
debtcollector==2.5.0
    # via
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   openstacksdk
docutils==0.12
    # via sphinx
dogpile-cache==1.1.8
    # via openstacksdk
ecdsa==0.13.3
    # via paramiko
gitdb==0.6.4
    # via gitpython
gitpython==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
hbp-sphinx-theme==0.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.7
    # via requests
imagesize==0.7.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==4.12.0
    # via cliff
iso8601==1.0.2
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
jinja2==2.8
    # via sphinx
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via openstacksdk
jsonpatch==1.32
    # via openstacksdk
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonpatch
keystoneauth1==5.0.0
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
markupsafe==0.23
    # via jinja2
msgpack==1.0.4
    # via oslo-serialization
munch==2.5.0
    # via openstacksdk
netaddr==0.8.0
    # via
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
netifaces==0.11.0
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-utils
nose==1.3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
openstacksdk==0.100.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-openstackclient
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
osc-lib==2.6.1
    # via python-openstackclient
oslo-config==9.0.0
    # via python-keystoneclient
oslo-i18n==5.1.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
oslo-serialization==5.0.0
    # via
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
oslo-utils==6.0.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
paramiko==1.17.0
    # via spur
pbr==5.10.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   os-service-types
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-i18n
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   stevedore
prettytable==3.3.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-novaclient
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pycrypto==2.6.1
    # via paramiko
pygments==2.1.3
    # via sphinx
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   oslo-utils
    #   packaging
pyperclip==1.8.2
    # via cmd2
python-cinderclient==9.0.0
    # via python-openstackclient
python-digitalocean==1.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-keystoneclient==5.0.0
    # via python-openstackclient
python-novaclient==18.0.0
    # via python-openstackclient
python-openstackclient==5.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2016.4
    # via
    #   babel
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-utils
pyyaml==5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cliff
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-config
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-digitalocean
    #   python-keystoneclient
requestsexceptions==1.4.0
    # via openstacksdk
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via oslo-config
simplejson==3.17.6
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-cinderclient
six==1.10.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   munch
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   sphinx
smmap==0.9.0
    # via gitdb
snowballstemmer==1.2.1
    # via sphinx
sphinx==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
spur==0.3.17
    # via -r requirements.in
stevedore==4.0.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
tabulate==0.7.5
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==1.24.3
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   cmd2
    #   prettytable
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via debtcollector
zipp==3.8.1
    # via importlib-metadata
